# 18FA_ComputerArchitecture_undergrad_coursework

## Count the number of 1s in a value at memory location x3030
For project one, there were two problems to be solved. The first was to test whether or not the value stored in memory location x3030 was even or odd. If the value was even then 0 should be stored at the memory location x3031. If the value was odd then 1 should be stored at the memory location x3031. The second problem was to count the number of 1’s in a value at memory location x3030 and store it at memory location x3032. In the problem description were a few restrictions. The program cannot overwrite the original value in memory location x3030, must be written in LC-3 binary, and must originate at memory location x3000. 

## A Simple Guessing Game
The project “A Simple Guessing Game” required us to write a simple LC-3 program that included basic input, basic output, and basic error checking. The program is required to store the value 6, which would be the solution to the “Guessing Game.” The program is required to ask the user to input a number between 0 and 9, inclusive. After the user enters a number into the keyboard, the program compares it to the solution (6) and outputs “Too Big”, “Too Small”, or “Correct! You took # guesses” depending on the result of the comparison. If the inputted guess was not an ascii digit then the program must output “invalid input” instead. (Note that # should be replaced with the actual number of guesses the user made.) Also, after 9 guess the program is required to output “Game Over. Correct answer is 6” and then halt.  The instructions necessitated that we use TRAP x20 (getc) to read a character from the keyboard and suggested the use of the pseudo-op .STRINGZ to store strings in the program.
